| Key | Value                                                                                             |
| --- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 26.03.2024                                                                                        |
| Time: | 13:45 - 14:30                                                                                     |
| Location: | DW PC Hall Cubicle 11                                                                             |
| Chair | Cristiana Vlădăreanu                                                                                    |
| Minute Taker | Peter Aszalós                                                                                       |
| Attendees: | Peter Aszalós, Mihail Bankov, Maria Grouev, Robin Stuffers, Cristiana Vlădăreanu, Francesco Hamar |
- Agenda Items:

    - Opening by chair (1 min)
    - Check-in: How is everyone doing? (3 min)
        - Is everyone ok with the pace we have? Do we think that we need to speed up in order to finish everything on time, or are we on track?
        - Are we done with the issues in week 6? Do we think we will be done with all of the UI by the end of this week (7)?
    - Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
    - Announcements by the TA (4 min)
    - Presentation of the current app to TA (5 min)
        - Show the current state of the app, mostly the UI.


- Talking Points:
    - Product Pitch draft (5 min)
        - Introduction to the Product Pitch assignment 
        - Outline ideas for the presentation and decide a structure for it 
    - Websockets and Long-polling (4 min)
        - Introduction to the technical aspects 
        - How do we distribute the work load? Should one person do it, or should we split it up into multiple small parts? 
    - Looking at the issues of coming week (10 min)
        - Discuss adding new issues that outline/ are a continuation of the issues we started in week 6, so we can have continuity for the UI issues
        - Add the issues in GitLab 
    - Action plan for the coming week (5 min)
        - Who, what, when?
        - Assign the issues in week 7 between ourselves


- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- Were time estimates accurate? If not, what did we spend more/ less time on? (1 min)
- Any additions before end of the meeting? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)

**Minute taker notes:**

_- Opening by Chair and Check-in_
    - Regarding the pace, we will be done by the end of the week with the basic requirements, and a few extras. Some of us felt like didn't do enough last week beacuse they felt like they couldn't do everything they wanted to, but we felt like we are doing great

_- Approval of the agenda:_
    - Cris suggested that we also discuss the accessibility and testing assignments. Mihail also suggested we add issues for settling debts

_- Announcments by the TA:_
    - It is important that if we change anything about the setup of the application, we discribe how to start it in the README file

_- Presentation of the current app to the TA:_
    - We went around showing everyone's progress
    - We showed off the start screen, the language switch working, then adding expenses, participants, and the overview page
    - Mostly everything went well, a few things weren't completely done and implemented, so we had a few difficulties showing everything working together

_- Talking points:_
    - Feedback from the assignment:
        - We haven't implemented everything by the assignments' deadlines
        - Accessibliy: we didn't have everything done, so we didn't start working on accessibility yet, but we will try to finish everything by the end of this week/beginning of next week, and then work on the accessibility features
        - Testing: We did quite good on testing, but we haven't been doing testing for the frontend, but we are trying to figure out how to implement that
        **- We should include testing in the merge requests, especially in week 9**
    - Product Pitch draft:
        - We will try to do today a quick pitch
        - We decided to create a slideshow, and record a video showing off our app
        - Since it's formative we could also experiment and see what grade we get and what we could change
        - We will be in EEMCS Hall J, where we should be able to show our slideshow on a projector
        - We have a week to prepare for the presentation, since we can't write more code after the Sunday of week 9

    - Websockets and Long-polling
        - We have to do this for grading
        - We have a self-study video for this
        - We need to create issues for this topic
        - A few people can watch the video, and try to work on it, if it's too much we can split up the workload
        - Robin will look at the video, and he will let us know how he finds it

    - Looking at the issues of coming week
        - We need to implement settle debts
        - We already finished all the issues for week 7
        - We added new issues for testfx, websockets, long-pulling
        - We will try to split up testfx between eachother, so everyone can work on it
        - We moved languages to week 7.
        - We should make sure we didn't miss anything from the requirements
        - We need to check Product Assignements: Implemented features

    - Action plan for the coming week
        - We put everything in our spreadsheet that we usually use to collect and organise everything that we still have to do this week
        - We split up our work:
            - Cris: Javafx testing
            - Robin: Websockets
            - Maria: Edit expense
            - Peter: Finish languge switch
            - Mihail: Settle debts

_- Feedback round:_
    - The pace was good, everyone participated well, we felt a bit disoriented after the last weeks, but we are back on track, and almost done with the basic requirements

_- Were time estimates accurate:_
    - The time estimates were accurate, we went through a few topics faster, but that's normal

_- Any additions before the end of the meeting?:_
    - A question was that there are pictures in the backlog on how the app should look like, and how much should we replicate it. 
    It is a template that we can deviate from, but we need to make a good design.
    - We don't know what questions we are going to get asked during the presentation, but last year what people had to know was what they thaught us during the lectures and self study. We should also know how our app works on a surface level
