| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 20.02.2024 |
| Time: | 13:45-14:30 |
| Location: | DW PC Hall Cubicle 11 |
| Chair | Péter Aszalós |
| Minute Taker | Mihail Bankov |
| Attendees: | 7 |

***Agenda Items:***

Opening:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
- Check progress: Did everyone manage to install everything, is everything working? (2 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (5 min)
- Announcements by the TA (5 min)

Main Topics:
- Checkstyle (5 min)
- Code of Conduct (7 min)
- Project Structure (5 min)
- Distributing Tasks (5 min)

Final  Minutes:
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (3 min)
- Closure (1 min)


***Minutes:***

Opening:
- Check progress: Although we are yet to see our sixth member, almost everyone is done with the git assignment and is familiar with the task
- TA announcements: Git assignment due on friday. If failed, there is a repair option due March 1st. Knockout criteria for code contribution is counted from monday to sunday evening, we have to make up for it the following week if we do not manage to finish it. At least 3 commits and 100 lines of Java code. 

Main topics:
- Checkstyle: Proposed OOP checkstyle and Google checkstyle; agreed on going forward with Google checkstyle with function limit of arguments 6, indentation 4 instead of 2 and some wiggle room for inline comments. Will be looked further into in next meetings.
- Code of conduct: 11 main topics and a high word limit; It is proposed that we go for the best possible item in grading. There are different ideas for assigning the main topics to people, including assigning paragraphs to people(after which somebody else checks other people's paragraphs), but at the end a shared document was chosen. From overleaf and google docs the latter option was chosen to write the code of conduct and then the text is to be transferred into overleaf and submitted to the assignment by the minute taker. The code of conduct content will be done right after this meeting.
- Project structure: People are to be prepared for establishing the project structure more closely in future meetings(tomorrow after the OOPP lecture, the tasks themselves cannot be started without a structure, including the proposed class diagram) by reading the task description and grading in the brightspace page. It is likely that we use a goal-oriented structure with established goals for each week, and then delegate the means to achieve them. 
- Distributing tasks: For the first week some proposed tasks are to create event objects(and json representation), person objects(and json representation), look into how the email notifications are done and do the foreign currency fetch. A tasks board was proposed in which we put the weekly tasks and check finished ones, and it will be implemented in a shared sheets file(we already have a shared file which will be turned into this board). Tasks will be discussed more in tomorrow's meeting, the distribution is between the 5 attending students in Tuesday's meeting, we can change it a bit when the 6th person is available. 
- Miscellaneous: At the final presentation everyone should be able to explain fundamental things, and for more specific questoins some person(does not have to be the same person every time) should be able to answer them. Progress discussions will be made in the Tuesday meeting mainly. Discord calls for meetings outside of normal hours are also an option to make decisions quickly. Everyone should be aware that some of the assignments(e.g. personal reflection) take a lot of time. Documents can be pushed to main branch directly!

Feedback round: Everyone contributed, the general feeling was that it went well. Times were mostly correct, more talk about progress will be made in future meetings so keeping the opening times like this would be fine(today it took us a bit less than the allocated time). There should be more detail in the main topics, not only mentioning them by name but also giving them a description. A suggestion is that everyone prepares 1-2 sentences for each topic before the meeting so that we form opinions which we can discuss during the meeting.


***Overall***

Meeting purpose: The purpose of the meeting is to check our progress with starting the project, and agree on general plans for going forward, as well as put into perspective when we have to finish the starting tasks. The meeting served its purpose.

Division of tasks: The team is to do the code of conduct at a meeting location right after this meeting, with the minute taker finalising and uploading the final version. Everyone has to prepare with the task description and grading before tomorrow so that we can meet after the OOPP lecture to establish a class structure and timeline for the project so that we can actually begin with writing code.  