| Key | Value                                                                                             |
| --- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 09.04.2024                                                                                        |
| Time: | 13:45 - 14:30                                                                                     |
| Location: | DW PC Hall Cubicle 11                                                                             |
| Chair | Mihail Bankov                                                                                |
| Minute Taker | Cristiana Vlădăreanu                                                                                       |
| Attendees: | Peter Aszalós, Mihail Bankov, Maria Grouev, Robin Stuffers, Cristiana Vlădăreanu, Francesco Hamar |
- Agenda Items:

    - Opening by chair (1 min)
    - Check-in: How is everyone doing? (3 min)
        - Did everyone finish the tasks from last week
    - Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
    - Announcements by the TA (3 min)
    - Presentation of the current app to TA (5 min)
        - Show the current state of the app
        - Make sure there are no big concerns


- Talking Points:
    - Bug list creation (4 min)
        - Utilise a space for collecting bug descriptions
        - After the meeting, going through the app and noting down any concerns
    - Testing (2 min)
        - Encorporate tests with the bug fixes, now that testfx works
    - Formative feedback and polishing(8 min)
        - Going through all formative feedback to make sure we do not forget anything
        - HCI, confirmation and undo tasks
    - Looking at the issues of coming week (4 min)
        - Deadline is Friday midnight, are there any non-technical tasks to finish
        - What are we going to do this week?
        - What finishing touches do we need to add
    - Action plan for the coming week (5 min)
        - Who, what, when?
        - Assign the issues in week 9.


- Feedback round: Overall for the work meetings (3 min)
- Were time estimates accurate? If not, what did we spend more/ less time on? (1 min)
- Any additions before end of the meeting? (1 min)
- Closure (1 min)


Minute taker notes:
- Opening by Chair and Check-in

    - we still need to debug the delete endpoints
    - long-polling and web sockets should work, there are only a few bugs left
    - accessibility is almost done
    - language change will be started after we are done with all of the UI pages
    - email invitations are also done now


- Announcements by the TA

    - the knock out criteria for this week will be checked after the code freeze, fails will be announced after the project presentation
    - we need to make sure we have 7x times the knock out criteria for one week at the  end of the entire project
    - for the self-reflection, make subsections for each situation, add citations from the teamwork lecture, add assumptions to the beginning of each situation, state how those have changed after the situation and for the technical part, choose a learning objective/ study goal 
    - add admin view on start server
    - code freeze is on Sunday!


- Talking Points:


- Bug List Creation

    - tags with dark colored backgrounds don't show up
    - edit event title
    - merge admin UI view with server Main
    - start screen recently viewed doesn’t persist after app closes
    - recently viewed events fix/additions
    - when there are a lot of expenses, detailed text gets smaller
    - statistics bug


- Testing

    - incorporate tests with each MR so we can get the test coverage percentage up


- Formative feedback and polishing

    - HCI, confirmation and undo actions
    - keyboard shortcuts and navigation 	
    - add time tracking to tasks
    - close issues
    - write README file


- Action plan for the coming week

    - Maria: HCI, finish testing
    - Peter: language switch + debug + tests + HCI
    - Misho: undo actions + consistent pop-ups
    - Robin: websockets/long-polling + tests
    - Cris: tests + debug


- Feedback round

    - team dynamic has gotten much better over time
    - atmosphere is also very good
    - all work is done and we’re proud of doing this even though we’re one person less than the other teams


- Were time estimates accurate?

    - time estimates were decent, feedback and finding bugs took a bit longer
