| Key | Value  |
| --- |--------|
| Date: | 05.03.2024 |
| Time: | 13:45 - 14:30 |
| Location: | DW PC Hall Cubicle 11 |
| Chair | Maria Grouev |
| Minute Taker | Robin Stuffers |
| Attendees: | Peter Aszalós, Mihail Bankov, Maria Grouev, Robin Stuffers, Cristiana Vlădăreanu, Francesco Hamar |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (4 min)
  - Did everyone upload their 4 basic user stories and split them in a way that makes sense?
  - Did everyone meet the basic knockout criteria?
  - How was the distribution of work last week? too much/too little/just right?
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
- Announcements by the TA (4 min)
- Presentation of the current app to TA (5 min)
  - Everyone shows what they individually contributed.


- Talking Points:
- Tasks and planning (Due Friday) (10 min)
    - Check in - is our Google doc completed? Can we move on to entering our issues in gitlab?
    - Decide Milestones
    - Decide Tags
    - Split rest of stories, delegate who does what this week
- Buddy-check reminder (1 min)
  - What is buddy check
  - Due Friday
- Main to do: Finish basic requirements (8 min)
  - Delegate to each member
- UI (3 min)
  - Somewhat optional/personal choice - we have exams next week. If time left, we should do the UI
  - Whoever has the most time after finishing their knockout criteria can get started
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)


- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (3 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (1 min)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)

**Minute taker notes:**

- Opening:
  - Some user stories can be split into more but others may need to be combined

  - almost everyone uploaded issues

  - basic knockout criteria no email on it yet.

  - work was manageable, the work was a bit harder than last week but the distribution was good.

  - no additions to the agenda are made.

- announcements from the ta:

  - buddy-check assignment is released and the deadline is March 8 (friday). Also, we will be getting another assignment end of week (not many details about that yet)

  - Also talk of availability during exam week for planning the OOPP exam.

  - Code of conduct feedback posted formative/arbitrary ta feedback may not exactly represent what you get.

  - Everyone showed the work they did last week.

- Main topics:

  - There were still some missing user stories in the document, so we will need to add that and also once those are done finish putting everything as issues
  in gitlab. While making the issues create tags that are necessary and add them onto the issues.

  - Regarding milestones, we were thinking of maybe doing a milestone per ui page?
  Other option is to have 1 milestone each week which consists of a bunch of issues that we should be able to complete
  in a week as a team.

  - Also thinking about how many milestones we will need till the end of the project.

  - We agreed to finish putting issues in gitlab at the end of the day and then assign issues to milestones that we decide on.

  - Maybe we can meetup on tuesday after the exam in midterm week to discuss some more things regarding the oopp.

  - Since mihail is already done with his controllers he suggested he could start with the admin side of the application which we agreed to.

  - Another reminder to complete buddy-check assignment before friday.

  - Also end of this week we want to be finished discussing the basic requirements and delegating tasks to achieve them to each member and
  complete the basic requirements as soon as possible.

  - We decided to delegate the creation of the frontend pages per page to people, this is only for the frontend so not the connection between front and backend.

  - The issues will be the things that relate to what's behind the pages so backend and backend, frontend connection.

  - issues that are close to each other may result in conflicts, so we agreed to make sure everyone knows what your working on to prevent conflicts from happening.

- Summary:

  - finish user stories, split up extensions to add to gitlab and be done by friday.

- feedback on the meeting:

  - pacing a little slower, quite enjoyed it being more calm less fast-paced, last week's pace was not an issue, but this was also very nice.
Pacing was good this week. Nice to have some meetings quicker and some slower.

  - The time estimates were okay, a bit out of order with talking points, less strictly followed structure of talking points, but we did talk about everything and talked about what we needed.
Felt very natural how we talked about the different things, and they kinda blended over into each other.

  - maybe buddy-check reminder could have gone somewhere else in the agenda, maybe right at the beginning or at the end, but that's a very small point.

  - Then we showed the task distribution from last week to the Ta since we didn't show last week, but agreed to put the task distribution in the meeting notes from now on.

- Task distribution this week:

![Link to Image](https://gitlab.ewi.tudelft.nl/cse1105/2023-2024/teams/oopp-team-41/-/blob/main/docs/meetings/Task%20distributions/week4distribbution.png)